Migrate Login text content (#112)
vaadin/docs: articles/ds/components/login/index.asciidoc

- https://vaadin.com/components/vaadin-login/html-examples[Web Component Examples]
- https://vaadin.com/components/vaadin-login/java-examples[Java Component Examples]
====

[.example]
--

[source,typescript]
----
include::{root}/frontend/demo/component/login/login-basic.ts[render,tags=snippet,indent=0,group=TypeScript]
----

[source, java]
----
include::{root}/src/main/java/com/vaadin/demo/component/login/LoginBasic.java[render,tags=snippet,indent=0,group=Java]
----
--

== Basic Login Component/Form

The basic Login component consists of a title (*Log in*), two input fields (*Username* and *Password*), and two buttons (*Log in* and *Forgot password*).

> You can customise the form’s title and labels using internationalization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can customize the form’s title and labels using internationalization.
```

----
include::{root}/src/main/java/com/vaadin/demo/component/login/LoginRichContent.java[render,tags=snippet,indent=0,group=Java]
----
--

.Password managers
[NOTE]
====
Login is incompatible with password managers if placed inside another component’s footnote:[When added to a web component that uses shadow root, password managers are unable to find the input fields and thus not work properly.] shadow root.
This is not an issue when using Login’s modal overlay.
====

== Modal Overlay

Login features its own modal overlay.
Use it to create simple login pages (that are fullscreen on mobile devices) or to handle authentication without a dedicated login page.
You can also use it to handle re-authentication when the user’s session has expired.

The overlay can be opened programmatically or through user interaction, for example, by using a login button.

[.example]
--

[source,typescript]
----
include::{root}/frontend/demo/component/login/login-modal-overlay.ts[render,tags=snippet,indent=0,group=TypeScript]
----

[source, java]
----
include::{root}/src/main/java/com/vaadin/demo/component/login/LoginModalOverlay.java[render,tags=snippet,indent=0,group=Java]
----
--

=== Header

> In addition to the login form, the overlay features an additional header.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The overlay has a header, in addition to the login form
```

By default, the header contains placeholders for the application’s title and description.
Both properties are configurable.

[.example]
--

[source,typescript]
----
include::{root}/frontend/demo/component/login/login-modal-overlay-header.ts[render,tags=snippet,indent=0,group=TypeScript]
----

[source, java]
----
include::{root}/src/main/java/com/vaadin/demo/component/login/LoginModalOverlayHeader.java[render,tags=snippet,indent=0,group=Java]
----
--

> The header is fully customisable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The header is fully customizable.
```
Use en_US.

----
--

=== Header

The header is only shown for modal login forms.

|===
|Property |Default value

|Title
|_"App name"_

|Description
|_"Application description"_
|===

=== Form

Customise the form’s title, input field and button labels.

|===
|Property |Default value

|Title
|_"Log in"_

|Username
|_"Username"_

|Password
|_"Password"_

|Submit
|_"Log in"_

|Forgot password
|_"Forgot password"_
|===

=== Error Message

Login’s error message is shown when authentication fails.
It consists of a title and message.

|===
|Property |Default value

|Title
|_"Incorrect username or password"_

|Message
|_"Check that you have entered the correct username and password and try again."_
|===

=== Additional Information

This property is hidden unless its value is explicitly set.

|===
|Property |Default value

|Additional information
|_"In case you need to provide some additional info for the user."_

|===

== Technical

=== Handling Events

==== Login Event

You can add a listener to login events and/or define an action for which a POST request will be fired.
From the event, you can prevent the POST request.

The login button is disabled when clicked to prevent multiple submissions.

> To restore it, call component.setEnabled(true).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To restore it, call `component.setEnabled(true)`.
```
